It is impossible for most people to lick their own elbow.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
The "sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" is believed to be the toughest tongue twister in the English language.
If you sneeze too hard, you could fracture a rib.
Wearing headphones for just an hour could increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Some lipsticks contain fish scales.
Cat urine glows under a black-light.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
The Eiffel Tower in Paris, France, can be 15 cm taller during the summer months due to the expansion of iron in the heat.
Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Botanically speaking, a berry is a fruit produced from the ovary of a single flower with seeds embedded in the flesh.
Honey never spoils. Archaeologists have even found pots of honey in ancient Egyptian tombs that are over 3,000 years old and still perfectly edible.
Octopuses have three hearts. Two pump blood to the gills, while the third pumps oxygenated blood to the rest of the body.
The world's smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat, which has a wingspan of about 5.7 inches (14.5 cm) and is native to parts of Thailand and Burma.
The Great Wall of China is not visible from space without aid. It's a common myth that you can see the Great Wall from the moon, but it's not true.
A group of flamingos is called a "flamboyance."
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
Antarctica is the driest continent on Earth. It's also the windiest and coldest, making it one of the most extreme environments on the planet.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896. It lasted only 38 minutes.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
A day on Venus is longer than its year. Venus rotates very slowly on its axis, taking about 243 Earth days to complete one rotation, while it only takes about 225 Earth days to orbit the Sun.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
The oldest known sample of the smallpox virus was found in the teeth of a 17th-century child buried in Lithuania.
A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time, equivalent to 1/100th of a second.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist, Dr. Alfred P. Southwick.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
Honey never spoils. Archaeologists have even found pots of honey in ancient Egyptian tombs that are over 3,000 years old and still perfectly edible.
Cows have best friends and can become stressed when they are separated from them.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
